alright guys are see building here with
the new 810 from losi we're going to
unbox it this was the last one in the
store it was the display so it's already
opened up and everything it's already
unhooked from the case actually already
saw it and put it back in alright so
here's the car that's good to me here we
got the 2.4 gigahertz 2.4 gigahertz
spectrum pretty nice radio we've got the
manual what the hell just out of there
great question ok the time the manual s4
seats around and then here I'm Stevie
split bunks weird box we betters sets of
batteries in extra hurts like we got the
toolkit and stuff that comes with it
basic toolkit Picasso alright guys
here's car open it up for you
this is a really nice body entertain low
state body it's a lot thicker in those
bodies it's got a lot of support to it
and everything oh here's the car
actually smaller than I thought it would
be it's at the ATTC c x three point four
cc engine this will be what I will be
racing tuned race engine tune race pipe
it's a pretty sick-looking car we also
picked up some twenty percent fuel just
whatever was there and we also picked up
glow plug igniter when you get this
you're going to want to see that it is
honestly it is smaller than I thought it
would be in comparison like it's it's
really actually smaller that it would be
um tires they have some decent knobs on
them but you know what I'm gonna do I
like the dish wheels like the blue
anodized Texas shocks a pretty cool
feature this cylinder looks absolutely
amazing on this it's all polished
aluminum everything we're gonna get it
broken in tomorrow want another vid up
and until then peace RC build a 92 out